Your Choices Regarding Cookies and Identifiers

We and our third party partners use cookies and similar technologies ("Cookies") and hashed identifiers (e.g., a hashed version of your name, email address or phone number) to help us identify you on our site and third-party sites and to process certain information, such as your IP address and digital identifiers, to analyze site usage and provide you with relevant advertisements and content. We and our third party partners use Cookies and hashed identifiers for the following purposes:

Store and/or access information on a device
Cookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes presented to you.

Personalised ads and content, ad and content measurement, audience insights and product development
Ads and content can be personalised based on a profile. More data can be added to better personalise ads and content. Ad and content performance can be measured. Insights about audiences who saw the ads and content can be derived. Data can be used to build or improve user experience, systems and software.

Bloomberg required cookies
These cookies are required to enable core site functionality.

Bloomberg functional cookies
These cookies allow us to analyze site usage so we can measure and improve performance and tailor your experience on the site.


Bloomberg advertising cookies
These cookies are used to serve relevant ads based on your interactions with sites or interests.


You may click "Yes, I accept" to agree to our and our partners' processing for these purposes. If you don't agree, then certain features, including content and ad personalization will not be available. Alternatively you can find out more about these Cookies and identifiers and exercise choice by clicking "Manage cookies". You can manage your choices at any time by accessing the “Manage Cookies” link in the footer of this site and also by clicking this link. Your choices will only apply to this digital property. To learn more, see our Privacy Policy.


Please note that some of our partners do not require consent to process your personal information, but you have a right to object to such processing either by clicking "No, I Do Not Accept" or by managing your choices.


Yes, I Accept
No, I Do Not Accept
Manage Cookies